Most people in the Navy they have their own cell phone, they have their
own laptop. However, there are lots of restrictions in place that
say that you can't really use them outside of the living spaces. So
you can use it in your bed, you can use it on the table right outside
your bed in the adjacent area, but otherwise you're not allowed to
use them so much. One of the reasons is that they have cameras on them
and cameras aren't really allowed on the ship. They don't want you
taking pictures of sensitive equipment, and in many cases you'll
put it in your pocket and if you go down to the plants where there's
lots of sensitive equipment, then you could get in a lot of trouble
for that. If they think that you took any picture of any classified
equipment, then they're going to take your camera, and it's probably
not gonna get back to you for a long time, if ever. But otherwise
don't be scared. Bring your laptop, bring your cell phone, you can take
pictures of you know normal stuff, but that's about it.